Edits to introducing pipelines section of AI Accelerator doc (#6496)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/edb-postgres-ai/ai-accelerator/installing/index.mdx

- complete
---

> Pipelines is delivered as a set of extensions. Depending on how you're deploying Pipelines, these extensions can be installed by your deployment platform (such as EDB Cloud Service). If you deploy your own Postgres server, you need to install them manually.

Author: I wasn't clear on the second sentence. Does this mean:

If you're using a deployment platform to deploy Pipelines, you can use that platform (such as EDB Cloud Services) to install these extensions.

Reviewer: Yes (or that the platform will have already deployed these extensions by default)

> Pipelines is delivered as a set of extensions. Depending on how you're deploying Pipelines, these extensions can be installed by your deployment platform (such as EDB Cloud Service). If you deploy your own Postgres server, you need to install them manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipelines is delivered as a set of extensions. Depending on how you're deploying Pipelines, these extensions can be installed by your deployment platform provider or already installed. Contact your deployment platform provider for details. If you deploy your own Postgres server, you need to install the extentions manually.
```
